welcome to the New Year's Day edition of
gaming with cam part 2 today this
episode or party episodes brought to you
by the letters are a p/e uh they can't
keep their eyes off of me because I have
started off your right with a nice
little rampant so this is just part two
I had almost gotten raped got my rage
metal so I was fucking raging all over
these guys i've had some red bull
tonight so I'm already feeling froggy so
let's continue where we left off where I
was just taking a break in the center
krypteria and luckily while I was
waiting just to get them all my life
back cuz I was in the grey rocket launch
response are you to pick that bad boy up
and I'm feeling pretty good no I don't
want fucking control options what the
fuck is this shit great now looks like I
don't know what the fuck I'm doing come
on no what the fuck haha success
alrighty fuck dropping controllers and
shit so it was a close game to start but
then we started pulling away we're up by
10 now so I'm focusing just on you know
fundamentals so I know all my guys are
that side so that means i have to
fucking walk all the way to the other
fucking side which is why i hate this
map I can hear she going up there but it
takes forever to still back and forth
and back and forth so I know this guy
usually hanging out right there can't
see a boom oh shit there he was boom
that's the important of the camera even
then I didn't do a good enough job and a
better player probably would have had me
dead dead to rights right there but
another camper so I hate this map
fucking camp camp camp camp yes it makes
for easy targets but I swear to god
boring but right there baby is the
rampant medal for to bring in the new
year pump it away there Marco Polo
am I gonna stop there fuck no I'm not
stopping there I'm in the grey but I'm
waiting to see if they come up after me
because they know I'm there so they
should come out after me saw you get to
pull down but nothing why are they not
fucking coming up after me how dare you
ignore me you're ignoring a fucker who
just got his ramp and all over your face
and what the fuck is this guy doing come
on man no just no so you get for
ignoring me so 4228 I know stops going
on over there but I can't really see
much so I'm trying to see if that I
figure someone might still be back here
nothing so I'm looking nothing there
that can hurt me so nothing Oh shooting
me no no I have want nothing to do with
that shit you can stay back there all
you want I'll come and get your ass just
stay right there please this is a
special delivery UPS got nothing on me
because I got an ugly parcel for your
ass right now I was gonna come up with
like an acronym for UPS but I failed
this money so bad um anyway let's not
focus on me feeling with my attempts at
humor I'm just going up there trying to
fucking find guys as usual this is the
pattern back and forth catch the guys
camping I got more am I know those guys
there there's one
okay give me someone else any others no
I figured someone's gonna come up from
behind me because sometimes they spawn
there but oh just you and that's the
game no it's not the game oh it's 14 I
thought I was the game and you know I'm
looking yep there is no nothing there
I'm gonna try your name see if I can
catch him with it looking for it where
is he where is he he's right there so I
checked out a gurney didn't get them but
I'm just gonna back the fuck off it's a
great way start the year streak Double
Down triple commando connect for fury
rage or amp it perfect can't get any
better than that to start the new year I
know if I can keep doing that I should
get to my level 60 freedom soon so that
was a quick little thank you to my new
subscribers I got to get something to
show you guys and once again a happy new
year to all you guys and girls out there
enjoy the new games coming out there's
mag heavy rain I they file fantasy 13 s
coming out and there's going to be some
big announcements as well so mass effect
is coming out this month so mass effect
2 s come out this month for you xbox
players fuck so I hope you guys are
ballin and you got money because you're
gonna need it if you thought the last
half of onine cost you a lot of money
shit i'm going to be a poor broke ass
i'm not gonna get my new TV I won't be
able to save her for my car so thank you
again very much for watching thank you
for commenting as well and once again
enjoy games that's what they're there
for cheers
you